WAM Coin v0.1.10 — mine alone, with no pool at all

THIS IS THE FILE THE ANNOUNCEMENT BOT READS. Read the warning before editing.

    git tag -a v0.1.10 -F posts/v0.1.10/TAG_MESSAGE.txt

The annotated tag message becomes the release notes, and bots/announce.js
posts the FIRST WHOLE PARAGRAPHS THAT FIT IN TWELVE LINES to Telegram and
Discord, automatically, the moment the release is published. Nobody reviews
it in between.

So the first two paragraphs below have to make sense on their own, to somebody
who sees nothing else. Everything after them is for the release page.

There is no MANDATORY: line, and that is a judgement, not an omission. This
release changes no consensus rule. A v0.1.9 node validates exactly the same
blocks, stays on the same chain, and is in no danger. The pool maturity fix
is in the pool, not in the node.

Delete everything above this line before tagging.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You can now mine WAM on your own machine against your own node, with no pool
at all. `wam-miner --solo -u YOUR_ADDRESS` needs nothing but a running wamd
with server=1. When you find a block you keep the whole 47.5 WAM instead of a
share of it, and you wait longer between them.

Before you spend any electricity, `wam-miner --check -u YOUR_ADDRESS` builds a
real block from your node's template and asks the node whether it is valid. It
hashes nothing and answers in about a second. If your node accepts it, every
part of a block except the proof of work is correct.

Both work on Linux, Windows and macOS, and from this release every build
proves the second one on each: a regtest node is started and --check is run
against it, so the miner must build a block that node accepts before the
release exists. That covers everything in a block except the proof of work.

Hashing and submission are proved on hardware this project owns, and never in
CI. Running a miner on a hosted build service is against the terms of every
one of them, which this project learned the expensive way on 2026-09-24 when
a step of ours did exactly that and cost it its code-hosting account for a
day.

Also fixed, all found by reading rather than by anyone reporting them:

The graphical wallet would have carried Bitcoin's logo. Four icon files ship
with the GUI -- the window and taskbar icon, its testnet variant, the macOS
bundle icon and the splash image -- and the rename replaced one of them. The
releases are built --without-gui, so nothing published so far has shown the
wrong mark to anybody; the first GUI built from this tree would have. All
four are generated from one master now, and preflight refuses a release whose
icons are missing or malformed.

The miner reached for the mainnet RPC port whatever --network said, so mining
alone on testnet or regtest failed with "could not connect" — which reads as
"your node is not running" to somebody whose node is running perfectly, on
another port. The port now follows the chain.

The announcement bot cut these notes at twelve lines regardless of where a
sentence ended. Every release before this one was announced mid-sentence, and
twice mid-word. It also called every mainnet release "testnet software",
because GitHub's pre-release flag means pre-1.0 and the bot read it as a
statement about the chain.

The mining pool credited block rewards one block before the coin could be
spent — COINBASE_MATURITY is 100 and a coinbase becomes spendable at 101 — so
it believed it held 47.5 WAM more than the node would let it send. Nothing
was lost and nobody was paid twice; the books reconcile to 0.1 WAM of
accumulated transaction fees. What it cost was time: payouts drifted from
every ten minutes to every twenty or forty. scripts/treasury_spend.py chose
inputs on the same wrong boundary, where the failure would have arrived at
broadcast instead.

Verify the download before running it. Every archive is listed in SHA256SUMS
and that list is signed:

    gpg --import SIGNING-KEY.asc
    bash verify_release.sh .

The fingerprint to check it against lives in one place and nowhere else:

    https://wamcoin.org/security/
