v0.1.10 -- mine alone, with no pool at all

You can now mine WAM on your own machine against your own node, with no pool
at all. `wam-miner --solo -u YOUR_ADDRESS` needs nothing but a running wamd
with server=1. When you find a block you keep the whole 47.5 WAM instead of a
share of it, and you wait longer between them.

Before you spend any electricity, `wam-miner --check -u YOUR_ADDRESS` builds a
real block from your node's template and asks the node whether it is valid. It
hashes nothing and answers in about a second. If your node accepts it, every
part of a block except the proof of work is correct.

Both work on Linux, Windows and macOS, and from this release every build
proves the second one on each: a regtest node is started and --check is run
against it, so the miner must build a block that node accepts before the
release exists. That covers everything in a block except the proof of work.

Hashing and submission are proved on hardware this project owns, and never in
CI. Running a miner on a hosted build service is against the terms of every
one of them, which this project learned the expensive way on 2026-09-24 when
a step of ours did exactly that and cost it its code-hosting account for a
day.

Also fixed, all found by reading rather than by anyone reporting them:

The Windows and macOS builds carried Bitcoin's logo. Four icon files ship
with the GUI and the rename replaced one of them, so since v0.1.8 the window,
the taskbar, the dock and the .exe itself showed the wrong mark on a wallet
holding real coins. All four are now generated from one master.

The miner reached for the mainnet RPC port whatever --network said, so mining
alone on testnet or regtest failed with "could not connect" — which reads as
"your node is not running" to somebody whose node is running perfectly, on
another port. The port now follows the chain.

The announcement bot cut these notes at twelve lines regardless of where a
sentence ended. Every release before this one was announced mid-sentence, and
twice mid-word. It also called every mainnet release "testnet software",
because GitHub's pre-release flag means pre-1.0 and the bot read it as a
statement about the chain.

The mining pool credited block rewards one block before the coin could be
spent — COINBASE_MATURITY is 100 and a coinbase becomes spendable at 101 — so
it believed it held 47.5 WAM more than the node would let it send. Nothing
was lost and nobody was paid twice; the books reconcile to 0.1 WAM of
accumulated transaction fees. What it cost was time: payouts drifted from
every ten minutes to every twenty or forty. scripts/treasury_spend.py chose
inputs on the same wrong boundary, where the failure would have arrived at
broadcast instead.

Verify the download before running it. Every archive is listed in SHA256SUMS
and that list is signed:

    gpg --import SIGNING-KEY.asc
    bash verify_release.sh .

The fingerprint to check it against lives in one place and nowhere else:

    https://wamcoin.org/security/
